README.md, before:

# html-strings-affixer
Finds texts in HTML and replaces it with suffixed and prefixed string.    
Originally developed to replace strings with localization function in blade file:      
`<p>Some nice string</p>` -> `<p>{{ __('Some nice string') }}</p>`     
But can be used in any file which contains html (".jsx", ".vue", ".twig") with same purpose. Of course, prefix and suffix are customizable

# Installation

### From source
If you have [golang](https://go.dev/doc/install) installed, you can clone this repo and run `go install` or `go build` for binary file

# Config file
You need to create "affixer-config.json" file in directory, from where you will run html-strings-affixer. You can find an example in root folder of this repository.

# Commands
Available commands:
- replace - Main command, which makes replacement of strings
- check - Checks folder and gives report with files and count of found strings
- clear-log - If you use log_folder config, logs are generated. this command clear all log files    

Use `hsa [command] --help` to read more about command. 


### To Do
- Make check command to print files and found strings count +
- Create clear-log command and print logs size as message in bootstrap +
- Write documentation in readme file
- Release #1 - 0.0.1 +
- register on packagist (Composer require) +
-------
- Test linux binary on ubuntu +
- Make windows installer
- Add linux install instructions in documentation
- Simplify building windows and linux binaries
-------
- Add warning characters and separate them from ignoring characters
- Print warning characters strings as warnings (not replaced) with file and line on replace command
- Add --expand option for detailed info in check command
- Add --report option for detailed report (JSON) in check command
- Write benchmarks for app
- Release #2 - 0.0.2
- .deb installable package (apt-get)
- exe/msi installer


### Upcoming
- Refactor app with Cobra package
- Use log files to undo last changes in folder_to_scan from log_folder (for dry run)
- add command: "watch" (for live updates) and "undo" (Undo last changes)

Commit message:

Composer and linux install instructions added in docs

README.md, after:

# html-strings-affixer
Finds texts in HTML and replaces it with suffixed and prefixed string.    
Originally developed to replace strings with localization function in blade file:      
`<p>Some nice string</p>` -> `<p>{{ __('Some nice string') }}</p>`     
But can be used in any file which contains html (".jsx", ".vue", ".twig") with same purpose. Of course, prefix and suffix are customizable

# Installation

### Composer
It is already available in composer now, you can require it: `composer require maestroerror/html-strings-affixer --dev`.
After installation it is accessible by `./vendor/bin/hsa` and `./vendor/bin/hsawin` for Windows

### Linux/Unix
##### Step 1: Download
Download binary [file](https://github.com/MaestroError/html-strings-affixer/releases/latest/download/hsa) with `wget https://github.com/MaestroError/html-strings-affixer/releases/latest/download/hsa`
##### Step 2: Make it executable
Run in directory with downloaded file `chmod a+x ./hsa` (Use sudo if permission is required)
##### Step 3: Execution
You can move it in folder, where you need to use and just execute with `./hsa [command] [-args]` or Make it available viw command line.
##### Step 4: Command line  
Find you bin folder, or make it with `cd ~/ && mkdir bin` and Symlink (`ln -s $~/path/to/script/hsa ~/bin/hsa`) or move/copy binary file in `~/bin/hsa` directory. After it you can run app in cli with "hsa" command to ensure it works: `hsa check`

```


### From source
If you have [golang](https://go.dev/doc/install) installed, you can clone this repo and run `go install` or `go build` for binary file

# Config file
You need to create "affixer-config.json" file in directory, from where you will run html-strings-affixer. You can find an example in root folder of this repository.

# Commands
Available commands:
- replace - Main command, which makes replacement of strings
- check - Checks folder and gives report with files and count of found strings
- clear-log - If you use log_folder config, logs are generated. this command clear all log files    

Use `hsa [command] --help` to read more about command. 


### To Do
- Make check command to print files and found strings count +
- Create clear-log command and print logs size as message in bootstrap +
- Write documentation in readme file
- Release #1 - 0.0.1 +
- register on packagist (Composer require) +
-------
- Test linux binary on ubuntu +
- Add composer install instructions in docs
- Add linux install instructions in documentation
- Make windows installer
- Simplify building windows and linux binaries
- Find out where to share go projects
-------
- Add warning characters and separate them from ignoring characters
- Print warning characters strings as warnings (not replaced) with file and line on replace command
- Add --expand option for detailed info in check command
- Add --report option for detailed report (JSON) in check command
- Write benchmarks for app
- Release #2 - 0.0.2
- .deb installable package (apt-get)
- exe/msi installer


### Upcoming
- Refactor app with Cobra package
- Use log files to undo last changes in folder_to_scan from log_folder (for dry run)
- add command: "watch" (for live updates) and "undo" (Undo last changes)
